FIRST:
The increasing level of device connectivity in today’shomes and buildings enables numerous opportunities forhome owners, building managers, device manufacturersand solution providers. Standardized communication pro-tocols (e.g., ZigBee, Bluetooth) provide physical connec-tivity and thus serve as a basis for smart home appli-cations. However, beyond physical connectivity, real in-teroperability to effectively develop such applications re-quires additional efforts. It requires harmonizing mul-tiple protocol standards, dealing with a heterogeneousdevice landscape, different data formats, managing re-source constraints of devices and providing means to reactquickly when devices and applications leave or join thesystem. We propose to address these application-speciﬁcrequirements in multiple layers of abstraction. Our re-search has shown that each layer is used by different typesof developers (e.g., device supplier, service provider, homeowner) with speciﬁc tool support. The paper provides aclassiﬁcation and detailed analysis of requirements thathave to be addressed in order to enable application de-velopment in smart homes. It further proposes and ana-lyzes WS4D-PipesBox, a multi-layer framework, to illus-trate how applications could be developed using multiplelayers of abstraction



SECOND:
Abstract:  Home  automation   system   is  one   of  the   developing   systemsnowadays. This   project is   concentrating on  automatically controlling  thedevices or appliances working at home based on the comfort of the personliving there. Arduino technology is used as the control system. This systemdesigned to enhances the comfort and safety of the user and to the effectiveusage  of  the  power. Bluetooth peering between client  and  server  act  as awireless  communication  system.  In this work, mobile station  is  the  clientand HC6 Bluetooth  module is  the server which  is connected directly withArduino   Uno.  It   is  an   automatic  system   which   can work   sensing  themovement of the human in the confined space and Bluetooth is attached toobserve the working devices.Key words:   Arduino   UNO,   home   automation,  DHT11   Humidity   &Temperature Sensor,  HC-SR501 PIR Motion Sensor, MG811 CO2  Sensor,ACS712 Current Senso